samples: ldo (#4)
NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr: samples/ldo/README.rst

.. _ldo_sample:

LDO
###

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The LDO sample demonstrates how to control LDOs using npmx drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LDO sample demonstrates how to control LDOs with the use of npmx drivers.
```
